$2,100 / 1br - Remodeled Unit Close to GG Park All-Inclusive: Utilities, WiFi & Cable (richmond / seacliff)



viewport: width=device-width,initial-scale=1
twitter:card: preview
description: This is a place to call Home! Newly renovated move-in ready 1 bedroom apartment located two blocks from Golden Gate Park Polo Fields, minutes to the beach, parks, and museums, and within easy access...
robots: noarchive,nofollow,unavailable_after: 30-Aug-21 22:43:32 PDT
geo.position: 37.775192;-122.495155
geo.placename: San Francisco
geo.region: US-CA



QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
This is a place to call Home! Newly renovated move-in ready 1 bedroom apartment located two blocks from Golden Gate Park Polo Fields, minutes to the beach, parks, and museums, and within easy access to multiple public transportation stops to SF Downtown.  
This is an opportunity to live right around the corner from the Balboa commercial strip with multiple cafes, restaurants, and various service businesses as well as the historic Balboa Theater. 
There are three Express MUNI bus options within a couple of blocks that will have you in the heart of downtown in 20 minutes. Imagine living and just a mile from the beach, right next door to the Golden Gate Park, Lincoln Park, and Park Presidio.
The apartment has an open layout with a separate private entrance on the ground floor. A spacious entry area houses a full-size stainless steel fridge, a pantry closet, and entry to a large full remodeled bathroom with shower over tub. The living area has built-in cabinets, a granite countertop, and a cooktop that blends seamlessly without being too obstructive. A convection/microwave oven is a great addition if you are a home cook. A bright separate bedroom has a large closet and access to a huge shared backyard and exercise room.      
*Monthly Rent: $2,100 (All-Inclusive: Utilities: PG&E, Water/Garbage, Cable TV and Gigabit Internet) 
*Security Deposit: $1000 (cashier's check only)
*Move-In Cost (1st month's rent + security deposit): 
*No Pets Allowed
The following will be required for the Rental Application
•Copy of recent pay stubs and previous year tax return
•Valid Photo I.D. and social security card 
•Current credit report 
The apartment is move-in ready, if you are interested, please contact via e-mail or text to set up an appointment.



1BR / 1Ba
            available aug 10
flooring: wood
            apartment
            no laundry on site
            no smoking
            street parking
            rent period: yearly



Date posted: 2021-08-10T00:13:06-0700
https://sfbay.craigslist.org/sfc/apa/d/san-francisco-remodeled-unit-close-to/7363534166.html
