$1,950 / 250ft2 - Furnished Creekside Studio In Lafayette Near Downtown & Trails (lafayette / orinda / moraga)



viewport: width=device-width,initial-scale=1
twitter:card: preview
description: Open your French doors, venture onto your private deck, and take in the creekside views! ABOUT THE COTTAGE This is a gorgeous little cottage studio in Lafayette overlooking Las Trampas Creek,...
robots: noarchive,nofollow,unavailable_after: 30-Aug-21 18:58:19 PDT
geo.position: 37.896100;-122.111900
geo.placename: Lafayette
geo.region: US-CA



QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Open your French doors, venture onto your private deck, and take in the creekside views! 
ABOUT THE COTTAGE
This is a gorgeous little cottage studio in Lafayette overlooking Las Trampas Creek, tastefully furnished with an IKEA Hemnes bed frame, mattress, and bedding (including Wamsutta Egyptian cotton 350-thread count sheets), Hemnes dresser and nightstand, Soderhamn chaise lounge and corner sectional, floor rugs, room darkening blinds and drapes, and a small dining set. The unit includes a kitchenette and appliances and utilities. The bathroom includes a standing shower and Turkish bath towels. The kitchenette is equipped with a small microwave, generous toaster oven, hot plate, and mini fridge/freezer combo, as well as a new plate and silverware set, glasses, coffee mugs, placemats, dishtowels, mixing bowls, dish drying rack, hot mats, cooking utensils, and a small pot set. 
It's generally very quiet and peaceful here. Wake up to birdsong, watch the deer grazing near the creek, the ducks paddling below, and the squirrels frolicking in the trees. The cottage is located next to a larger home on the property, and have good visual privacy between them when indoors. Other single family homes are situated between the property and the main street, which creates a feeling of privacy and separation; it's like being in a separate little world, while still being walkable to the downtown area. 
There is only street parking for this unit but it is readily available. 
Utilities are included (water, gas/electricity, internet).
NEARBY
This sweet cottage is located in the Trails neighborhood, close to the popular Lafayette-Moraga Regional Trail which extends into Moraga for walking, biking, etc., and is also walkable to downtown Lafayette, Whole Foods, Peet's, Noah's, the library, many fantastic restaurants, and more.
GREAT FOR TRAVEL NURSES
Travel to local hospitals is an easy trip to Walnut Creek, Concord, or even Berkeley on Highways 24 and 680, including John Muir Walnut Creek, John Muir Concord, Kaiser Walnut Creek, and Alta Bates Summit in Berkeley.
Amenities included: Creekside deck, French doors, small window AC unit, space heater.
Date Available: September 11, 2021
$1,950/month rent, one year lease (shorter terms can be arranged for travel nurses)
$2,500 security deposit required
Book a showing online here: https://www.avail.co/s/30010704
Other time slots can be made available.



0BR / 1Ba
             250ft2
            available sep 11
flooring: other
            cottage/cabin
            no laundry on site
            no smoking
            street parking
            rent period: yearly



Date posted: 2021-08-16T16:33:32-0700
https://sfbay.craigslist.org/eby/apa/d/lafayette-furnished-creekside-studio-in/7366767385.html
