$1,250 / 1br - WTD: Looking for apt. LANDLORDS ARE FUMING ! RENTS KEEP GOING DOWN! (Anywhere in the Bay Area)



viewport: width=device-width,initial-scale=1
twitter:card: preview
description: Rents are going down and the big exodus of people leaving the Bay Area is getting worse and worse! But we decided to stay ... Hi, we are an older couple, mature, very responsible, clean cut,...
robots: noarchive,nofollow,unavailable_after: 30-Aug-21 20:34:10 PDT
geo.position: 37.799900;-122.434200
geo.placename: San Francisco
geo.region: US-CA



QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
 Rents are going down and the big exodus of people leaving the Bay Area is getting worse and worse! But we decided to stay ...


Hi, we are an older couple, mature, very responsible, clean cut, professional, looking for an in-law apartment unit to rent. 
My husband is from South America and I am originally from Japan. My husband works as a media artist in his office in the Cow Hollow area in SF and I am a caregiver. 
We are quite neat and responsible and like to keep the place we reside spotless and immaculate. We are looking for a quiet place in a relatively safe location. 
We would prefer to have our own place such as an in-law apartment or cottage with some storage space if possible. 
Please, note that we are looking for a permanent place and not for a sublet or temporary housing. 

Rents in the Bay Area have been beyond exorbitant, fortunately rents are going down a lot because of the ongoing exodus away from the Bay Area which we understand is just starting. And this year it promises to get worse. And rents will keep going down and down and the vacancy rate will skyrocket according to housing experts. We have good credit, never been evicted, all bills 100% paid on time, good background check and verifiable references, both business and personal.


Please contact us right away if you have such a place and it is relatively reasonable. Rental cost is always an issue although we understand that rents are going down but they are still ridiculously high in the Bay Area. 

The maximum we can pay for rent is $1,250 per month or close to that amount. We know that in most other parts of the country this would be about normal rent. In any case, if you happen to have a place and would like to rent it to us, please, let us know. 

We don't need to move right away from the apartment we reside now. We can still wait a few more months but if we find a good deal, we are ready for it and will move right away. 



Thank you.



1BR / 1Ba
apartment
            w/d in unit
            off-street parking



Date posted: 2021-08-23T20:30:10-0700
https://sfbay.craigslist.org/sfc/apa/d/san-francisco-wtd-looking-for-apt/7370196789.html
