$3,365 / 2br - 1070ft2 - Double Master! Plus Specials! Call Today For More Information!! (milpitas)



viewport: width=device-width,initial-scale=1
twitter:card: preview
description: Up to 1 month FREE!* *Some restrictions apply. Contact our leasing office for details. Long past sun down, you're still on the move. That's life in Silicon Valley. Yet living at Cerano Apartments in...
robots: noarchive,nofollow,unavailable_after: 30-Aug-21 19:22:43 PDT
geo.position: 37.417993;-121.927664
geo.placename: Milpitas
geo.region: US-CA



QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
 Up to 1 month FREE!*
*Some restrictions apply. Contact our leasing office for details.  Long past sun down, you're still on the move. That's life in Silicon Valley. Yet living at Cerano Apartments in Milpitas, CA makes it all manageable. By living in Murphy Ranch, you’ll be close to Milpitas Light Rail Station, Highway 237 and I-880 and even walking distance to major employers.After a short commute, easily unwind by cooking an inviting meal in your fully-equipped kitchen, catching a spell-binding sunset from your deck, curling up at the fireside lounge, or taking a moment (or ten) to relax in the Zen garden. When you’re in the mood for something more active, walk across the way to Coyote Creek Trail, or stay on the property to play billiards in the game room or opt for a workout in the fitness center. There’s also your choice of bocce ball, lap swimming at the pool, or browsing your favorite Reddit forums in the Wi-Fi cafe.No matter what you’re in the mood for, you’ll find it at Cerano.  Call Now:  show contact info
Follow This Link for More Information:http://fairfield-apts.com/rwsrq5 This is a 2 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 1288 Sq. Ft. Features - Private patio or balcony with French door  - In-home washer dryer  - Kitchen island or breakfast bar  - Granite counter tops and choice of antique white or espresso cabinets  - High 9' ceilings with crown molding  - Generous pantry with adjustable shelves  - Clean steel, Energy Star® appliances: gas range, microwave, icemaker refrigerator, dishwasher Community Amenities - Six distinct courtyards with barbecue areas, Bocce ball, Zen garden and fireside lounge  - Relaxing spa and pool with six-inch wading area  - Clubhouse with eGame room, gourmet kitchen and dining room, billiards and TV lounge  - Business center and WiFi café  - Pets welcome! (breed restriction, no weight restriction)  - Controlled access, six-level garage with elevators  - Additional storage available  - Adjacent to Coyote Creek Trail and city park with playgrounds, basketball and tennis courts  - State-of-the-art fitness center with separate spin room Pet Policy We are pet friendly! Please visit our website for additional details. Office Hours Mon: CLOSEDTues, Thurs, Fri: 10am-6pmWed: 11am-6pmSat: 10am-5pmSun: CLOSED Cerano Apartments 501 Murphy Ranch Road, Milpitas, CA, 95035Photos on this ad may not reflect all floorplans.Advertised pricing and availability are subject to change without notice and cannot be guaranteed. Equal Housing Opportunity Photos on this ad may not reflect all floorplans.Advertised pricing and availability are subject to change without notice and cannot be guaranteed. xbncM8bR



2BR / 2Ba
             1070ft2
            available sep 11
air conditioning
            cats are OK - purrr
            dogs are OK - wooof
            flooring: carpet
            apartment
            w/d in unit
            no smoking
            attached garage
            rent period: daily
            wheelchair accessible



Date posted: 2021-08-23T19:18:43-0700
https://sfbay.craigslist.org/sby/apa/d/san-jose-double-master-plus-specials/7370178893.html
