$4,500 / 3br - Splendid Flat in completely renovated Victorian (bernal heights)



viewport: width=device-width,initial-scale=1
twitter:card: preview
description: Good sized full floor flat in a three unit building. This new flat has been thoughtfully "to the studs" remodeled with modern amenities augmenting a gorgeous historic facade.. The flat boasts 3...
robots: noarchive,nofollow,unavailable_after: 30-Aug-21 22:33:00 PDT
geo.position: 37.747100;-122.417114
geo.placename: san francisco
geo.region: US-CA



QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Good sized full floor flat in a three unit building. This new flat has been thoughtfully "to the studs" remodeled with modern amenities augmenting a gorgeous historic facade.. The flat boasts 3 Bedrooms, and a large kitchen / dining / living L shaped great room that is highly coveted for modern living, a full bath with custom double sink and Durivit tub. The kitchen boasts 3 CM marble countertops with custom cabinetry and a Thermador / Bosch appliance set. The  new appliances include a refrigerator, chef's range and dishwasher. There is a brand new in-unit high efficiency washer and dryer, tankless water heater as well as new high efficiency forced air heating system. The flat feels light and spacious with towering ceilings and many windows. New LED lighting with Lutron dimming, fresh paint and 7/8" oak wide plank floor mesh modern touches with a comfortable vibe. The flat has full CAT 6 Wiring and cable. The flat is centrally located in a superb neighborhood between the Mission and Bernal heights. The flat is in close proximity to many of the Mission's best restaurants and gathering places including Al's Place, Beretta, Phil's coffee and Precita park. Also, the flat is located just one block from tech bus pickups. The flat is the garden floor with a large walk out deck. . Security deposit equal to one month's rent. Tenant responsible for PGE and Trash. Landlord pays water.  Off street parking available next door for additional fee Please email, text or call Brandon



3BR / 1Ba
            available aug 30
cats are OK - purrr
            dogs are OK - wooof
            flooring: wood
            apartment
            w/d in unit
            off-street parking
            rent period: yearly



Date posted: 2021-08-23T22:29:00-0700
https://sfbay.craigslist.org/sfc/apa/d/san-francisco-splendid-flat-in/7370217399.html
