$2,299 / 2br - Plan Your Move! Available In September! (petaluma)



viewport: width=device-width,initial-scale=1
twitter:card: preview
description: Be first to take a peak and be amazed with what could be your next home! We welcome you to come see the warm and friendly atmosphere you'll experience here at the Woodcreek Townhomes, a unique...
robots: noarchive,nofollow,unavailable_after: 30-Aug-21 20:31:48 PDT
geo.position: 38.240300;-122.677700
geo.placename: Petaluma
geo.region: US-CA



QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Be first to take a peak and be amazed with what could be your next home!  
We welcome you to come see the warm and friendly atmosphere you'll experience here at the Woodcreek Townhomes, a unique community on the west side of Petaluma.
We're set out just far enough from the hustle-bustle of downtown, but yet close enough to walk to just about everything you need...fantastic local shops, the theater district, fabulous restaurants, health clubs, the Farmer's Market and so much more. We are also near many beautiful parks for you to hike or bike in, or just to enjoy an evening stroll...just about everything you could possibly want in the place you call home.
Our welcoming townhomes feature.......
✓Rich custom wood cabinetry in kitchen
✓Electric Appliances: Dishwashers/Stove/Oven/Refrigerator/Garbage Disposal
✓Built-in Microwaves (in select units)
✓Gorgeous wood-inspired laminate flooring
✓Fireplace
✓Crown molding throughout
✓Attractive designer accent walls
✓Ceiling fans
✓Private Patio
✓Washer and Dryer Hook-Ups in most units
✓Sliding doors with vertical blinds
Community Features.....
✓Modern well maintained laundry facilities onsite
✓Non-Smoking community
✓Garages and separate storage spaces available
✓Convenient on-line payment options
✓Security cameras throughout the complex
✓Assigned parking
✓Pet friendly
✓Pets allowed with some weight and breed restrictions.
✓Pet deposit is $550...monthly pet rent is $70 per dog/ $40 per cat
✓Prices starting at $2299....
✓First month's rent and security deposit is due upon lease signing and move in date
✓NEVER ANY APPLICATION FEES for credit/background checks!
✓Equal Housing Opportunity
✓Please call  show contact info
 to schedule your own personal appointment for showing. 
✓For the safety of our residents, and our welcomed visitors, we practice social distancing and masks are required*
We look forward to seeing you soon!



2BR / 1Ba
            available sep 4
cats are OK - purrr
            dogs are OK - wooof
            flooring: other
            townhouse
            laundry on site
            no smoking
            off-street parking
            wheelchair accessible



Date posted: 2021-08-23T18:46:48-0700
https://sfbay.craigslist.org/nby/apa/d/petaluma-plan-your-move-available-in/7370169338.html
