$4,350 / 2br - 1800ft2 - 🔴2/2.5-MOVE IN NOW!STANFORD VICINITY,WALK'G TO CALTRAIN, CALIF. AVE! (Palo Alto)



viewport: width=device-width,initial-scale=1
twitter:card: preview
description: 🔴It is perfect for a stroll in Midtown/Old Palo Alto. There is a hallmark of Palo Alto's history and growing global influence. A charming mixture of old and new, Palo Alto's tree-lined streets and...
robots: noarchive,nofollow,unavailable_after: 30-Aug-21 21:07:10 PDT
geo.position: 37.427939;-122.138474
geo.placename: Palo Alto
geo.region: US-CA



QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
🔴It is perfect for a stroll in Midtown/Old Palo Alto. There is a hallmark of Palo Alto's history and growing global influence. A charming mixture of old and new, Palo Alto's tree-lined streets and historic buildings reflect its California heritage. It is one of the best places to live in California. 
🔴Living in Palo Alto offers residents a sparse suburban feel and most residents own their homes. In Palo Alto there are a lot of restaurants, coffee shops, and parks. Many young professionals live in Palo Alto and residents tend to be liberal. The public schools in Palo Alto are highly rated.
Newly built in 2012!
Colorado Ave near High Street
2BR / 2.5BA En Suite /  1800ft2 (1400sf2 House/400sf2 Garagex2)
air conditioning
duplex
w/d in unit
no pet
no smoking
Yearly
own backyard/patio
private cul-de-sac
2 car tandem attached garage/private driveway
🔴2/2.5-MOVE IN NOW! STANFORD VICINITY,WALK'G TO CALTRAIN, CALIF. AVE!
🔴BRIGHT, LOVELY, GREEN, MODERN, PRIVATE - 2BR + /2.5BA : $4,350 month/ yearly lease
Duplex Delights: Two-floor homes with cathedral ceilings, and private outdoor space. double the fun of live work-life while giving you the privacy you need while working/learning from home. The layouts offer a townhouse-like atmosphere in a duplex building and come with such coveted features as airy ceilings and private outdoor space.it's great to be able to head upstairs to bed – or downstairs to breakfast.
Extra space and privacy are always appreciated in a city like Palo Alto, where both are at a premium, and that is especially the case at a time when couples and families have been trying to work and live in the same unit for months. Even those living solo can find it stressful to step out of bed and right into work, and this duplex floor plan allows renters to have the living room on one level and bedroom(s) on another.
Enjoy this one-of-a-kind special home offering a beautiful top-of-the-line open kitchen with sliding glass doors allowing easy access to the wonderful garden. Upstair two-bedroom duplex comes with two distinct outdoor spaces, balconies on the upper floor that is accessible through a floor-to-ceiling glass door and overlooks the sizable private patio and backyard below. Hallway can be allowed for a home office space. 2 car-tandem parking/bicycle parking of Rent - $4,350 month. Tenant pays all utilities Available or, Yearly lease.
🔴Available Now. Please email for inquiries/ make an appointment. Hours, Open house by appointment, one household per tour: SAT, SUN, am or pm / M-F: evening flexible hours- By appointment.
WALKING TO CALTRAIN, CALIFORNIA AVE AMENITIES, STANFORD VICINITY! Welcome to Palo Alto!



2BR / 2.5Ba
             1800ft2
EV charging
            air conditioning
            flooring: wood
            duplex
            w/d in unit
            no smoking
            attached garage
            rent period: yearly



Date posted: 2021-08-23T19:28:23-0700
https://sfbay.craigslist.org/sby/apa/d/palo-alto-25-move-in-nowstanford/7370181568.html
