$2,310 / 1br - 400ft2 - Furnished Studio - Only 2 Month Minimum! (san jose downtown)



viewport: width=device-width,initial-scale=1
twitter:card: preview
description: Take advantage of our special discounted rate! All utilities are included! www.esa.com/craigslist Looking for a place to call home for a couple months or longer? We have everything you need without...
robots: noarchive,nofollow,unavailable_after: 30-Aug-21 19:00:38 PDT
geo.position: 37.364538;-121.911951
geo.placename: San Jose
geo.region: US-CA



QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Take advantage of our special discounted rate! All utilities are included!show contact info

 www.esa.com/craigslist
 Looking for a place to call home for a couple months or longer? We have everything you need without the hassles of traditional apartments, all at a great rate. Each room comes with a fully equipped kitchen and plenty of workspace. And unlike apartments, cable and Wi-Fi are already hooked up and free! With no leases and no credit checks, we are move-in ready. So just bring yourself – and your furry family member – and feel right at home.
 Property Amenities
Newly Renovated
All Rooms Non-Smoking
Pet-Friendly Rooms Available
Housekeeping service is Included
Free Grab-and-Go Breakfast
On-Site Guest Laundry
Free Off-Street Parking
In-Room Amenities
Fully Equipped Kitchens
Full-Size Refrigerator
Electric Range
Microwave
Free In-Room Wi-Fi
Flat Screen TVs
Free Cable with Premium Channels
Iron & Ironing Board
 Staying less than 2 months? We also have great nightly, weekly, and 30-night rates. Call for details.
 Minimum 60-night length of stay required. Booking conditions apply, including a nonrefundable deposit. Rates and availability subject to change. Rate will vary by room type and stay dates. Rate not inclusive of taxes and fees. Actual room may vary from those shown.
 Pet Policy: A $25 (+ tax) per day, per pet non-refundable cleaning fee for the first month (not to exceed $150 + tax per pet), payable the first night of your stay. Each month thereafter is a $10 non-refundable fee (+tax) per day for the first 5 days of each month (not to exceed $50 + tax per month, per pet). Weight, size, and breed restrictions may apply.
 This site may contain errors, inaccuracies, omissions or incomplete data (including without limitation mistaken hotel rates or availability). Extended Stay America reserves the right to rescind any stated offer and to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions including after a reservation order has been submitted and whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged.
 Extended Stay America - 1560 North First Street, San Jose, CA 95112



1BR / 1Ba
             400ft2
            available aug 23
EV charging
            cats are OK - purrr
            dogs are OK - wooof
            flooring: other
            furnished
            apartment
            laundry in bldg
            no smoking
            off-street parking
            rent period: monthly
            wheelchair accessible



Date posted: 2021-08-23T16:57:38-0700
https://sfbay.craigslist.org/sby/apa/d/san-jose-furnished-studio-only-month/7370131043.html
