$1,200 / 1br - 300ft2 - Studio: Fitch Mtn. Redwoods across from Russian River (healdsburg / windsor)



viewport: width=device-width,initial-scale=1
twitter:card: preview
description: Available starting September 1st This is a studio on the ground floor of my cabin, suitable for one person. It is very private, with your own private entrance, bathroom, kitchenette, fully furnished...
robots: noarchive,nofollow,unavailable_after: 30-Aug-21 20:56:55 PDT
geo.position: 38.619123;-122.829208
geo.placename: Healdsburg
geo.region: US-CA



QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Available starting September 1st
This is a studio on the ground floor of my cabin, suitable for one person. It is very private, with your own private entrance, bathroom, kitchenette, fully furnished down to linens and towels and all dishes, etc. It also has off street parking, and a shared laundry room. (the only thing that we share). 
This rate includes All utilities, including cable TV with a digital TV/DVD player, high speed internet, and use of a washer and dryer. 
This is not a vacation rental,  and it includes All utilities. 
Please respond via email with your phone number and tell me why you want to live in a cozy studio in a rustic cabin, fully furnished, in the woods, near the river, 3 miles from downtown Healdsburg, so that I can call you for a phone interview. I would like someone who wants to live in the woods. Many people who have lived here like to hike, cycle, and kayak.
Space appropriate for 1 person, non-smoker, who is looking for a quiet place to stay. 
It is fully furnished so if you have furniture you would have to store it elsewhere as there is no garage. 
Please read the specifics listed below: 
Rate:  $1200. per month( 1st to 31st) 
 Includes: All utilities, plus high speed internet, cable TV. 
Fully furnished, cozy Studio Apartment on the ground-floor of a Rustic Cabin on Fitch Mountain, across the street from the Russian River, just 3 miles from the Plaza in Downtown Healdsburg. Private entrance, Private bath, Private kitchenette, and private enclosed deck and off-street parking for 1 car. 
  Non-smoking cabin.
The studio is fully furnished with Queen Temper-pedic bed, w/ linens, towels & blankets; dishes, pots and pans. 
It includes all utilities: high-speed wireless Internet & Comcast cable TV, , PG & E, water, garbage, 
Also supplied is a Digital TV with a DVD player. 
The only things that we share are the washer and dryer. 
There are also a coffee grinder, coffee maker, grill/gridle,  juicer, blender, toaster and toaster oven, convection oven, turkey roaster,  plus other electrical kitchen cooking appliances as needed. 
Just bring yourself, your clothes, your computer, and some food. 
 This is perfect for someone who is in the area temporarily or who does not want to haul or purchase furnishings.  
Non-smoking cabin. There is a cat who lives upstairs. 
You will need a vehicle for transportation. I am a cyclist, and I like to cycle the mountain during the day, but I know from experience that it is not safe or fun to cycle around the mountain after dark. 
Please e-mail me to tell me about yourself and your situation, and phone number, then I will call you back so we can have a phone interview. 
(If you are looking for a place for a big party w/ loud music please choose a different place.)
Photos:  Front of the Cabin, Enclosed Dining Deck (3 season deck), Bedroom with Queen Tempur-Pedic bed, and the futon sofa.



1BR / 1Ba
             300ft2
            available sep 1
flooring: carpet
            furnished
            flat
            laundry in bldg
            no smoking
            off-street parking
            rent period: monthly



Date posted: 2021-08-23T20:52:55-0700
https://sfbay.craigslist.org/nby/apa/d/healdsburg-studio-fitch-mtn-redwoods/7370201330.html
