$2,785 / 1br - 825ft2 - Second Floor with Generous pantry with adjustable shelves!!! (milpitas)



viewport: width=device-width,initial-scale=1
twitter:card: preview
description: Up to 1 month FREE!* *Some restrictions apply. Contact our leasing office for details. Long past sun down, you're still on the move. That's life in Silicon Valley. Yet living at Cerano Apartments in...
robots: noarchive,nofollow,unavailable_after: 30-Aug-21 19:17:57 PDT
geo.position: 37.418283;-121.927707
geo.placename: Milpitas
geo.region: US-CA



QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
 Up to 1 month FREE!*
*Some restrictions apply. Contact our leasing office for details.  Long past sun down, you're still on the move. That's life in Silicon Valley. Yet living at Cerano Apartments in Milpitas, CA makes it all manageable. By living in Murphy Ranch, you’ll be close to Milpitas Light Rail Station, Highway 237 and I-880 and even walking distance to major employers.After a short commute, easily unwind by cooking an inviting meal in your fully-equipped kitchen, catching a spell-binding sunset from your deck, curling up at the fireside lounge, or taking a moment (or ten) to relax in the Zen garden. When you’re in the mood for something more active, walk across the way to Coyote Creek Trail, or stay on the property to play billiards in the game room or opt for a workout in the fitness center. There’s also your choice of bocce ball, lap swimming at the pool, or browsing your favorite Reddit forums in the Wi-Fi cafe.No matter what you’re in the mood for, you’ll find it at Cerano.  Call Now:  show contact info
Want more information on this unit? See link (below):http://fairfield-apts.com/b5gc7g This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 894 Sq. Ft. Features - Private patio or balcony with French door  - Clean steel, Energy Star® appliances: gas range, microwave, icemaker refrigerator, dishwasher  - High 9' ceilings with crown molding  - Kitchen island or breakfast bar  - Granite counter tops and choice of antique white or espresso cabinets  - In-home washer dryer  - Generous pantry with adjustable shelves Community Amenities - Additional storage available  - Clubhouse with eGame room, gourmet kitchen and dining room, billiards and TV lounge  - State-of-the-art fitness center with separate spin room  - Pets welcome! (breed restriction, no weight restriction)  - Business center and WiFi café  - Relaxing spa and pool with six-inch wading area  - Adjacent to Coyote Creek Trail and city park with playgrounds, basketball and tennis courts  - Six distinct courtyards with barbecue areas, Bocce ball, Zen garden and fireside lounge  - Controlled access, six-level garage with elevators Pet Policy We are pet friendly! Please visit our website for additional details. Office Hours Mon: CLOSEDTues, Thurs, Fri: 10am-6pmWed: 11am-6pmSat: 10am-5pmSun: CLOSED Cerano Apartments 501 Murphy Ranch Road, Milpitas, CA, 95035Photos on this ad may not reflect all floorplans.Advertised pricing and availability are subject to change without notice and cannot be guaranteed. Equal Housing Opportunity Photos on this ad may not reflect all floorplans.Advertised pricing and availability are subject to change without notice and cannot be guaranteed. Goz4GZziQm



1BR / 1Ba
             825ft2
            available aug 23
air conditioning
            cats are OK - purrr
            dogs are OK - wooof
            flooring: carpet
            apartment
            w/d in unit
            no smoking
            attached garage
            rent period: daily
            wheelchair accessible



Date posted: 2021-08-23T19:13:57-0700
https://sfbay.craigslist.org/sby/apa/d/san-jose-second-floor-with-generous/7370177619.html
