$2,009 / 1br - Furnished Studio w/Free Wi-Fi, Cable, & Parking- Only 2 Month Minimum! (fremont / union city / newark)



viewport: width=device-width,initial-scale=1
twitter:card: preview
description: Take advantage of our special discounted rate! All utilities are included! www.esa.com/craigslist Looking for a place to call home for a couple months or longer? We have everything you need without...
robots: noarchive,nofollow,unavailable_after: 30-Aug-21 20:01:06 PDT
geo.position: 37.533164;-122.002946
geo.placename: Fremont
geo.region: US-CA



QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Take advantage of our special discounted rate! All utilities are included!show contact info

www.esa.com/craigslist
Looking for a place to call home for a couple months or longer? We have everything you need without the hassles of traditional apartments, all at a great rate. Each room comes with a fully equipped kitchen and plenty of workspace. And unlike apartments, cable and Wi-Fi are already hooked up and free! With no leases and no credit checks, we are move-in ready. So just bring yourself – and your furry family member – and feel right at home.
Property Amenities
· All Rooms Non-Smoking
· Pet-Friendly Rooms Available
· Bi-Weekly Housekeeping Included
· Free Grab-and-Go Breakfast 
· On-Site Guest Laundry
· Free Off-Street Parking
In-Room Amenities
· Fully Equipped Kitchens
· Full-Size Refrigerator
· Electric Range
· Microwave
· Free In-Room Wi-Fi
· Flat Screen TVs
· Free Cable with Premium Channels
· Iron & Ironing Board
Staying less than 2 months? We also have great nightly, weekly, and 30-night rates. Call for details.
Minimum 60-night length of stay required. Booking conditions apply, including a nonrefundable deposit. Rates and availability subject to change. Rate will vary by room type and stay dates. Rate not inclusive of taxes and fees. Actual room may vary from those shown.
Pet Policy: A $25 (+ tax) per day, per pet non-refundable cleaning fee for the first month (not to exceed $150 + tax per pet), payable the first night of your stay. Each month thereafter is a $10 non-refundable fee (+tax) per day for the first 5 days of each month (not to exceed $50 + tax per month, per pet). Weight, size, and breed restrictions may apply.
This site may contain errors, inaccuracies, omissions, or incomplete data (including without limitation mistaken hotel rates or availability). Extended Stay America reserves the right to rescind any stated offer and to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions including after a reservation order has been submitted and whether the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. 
Extended Stay America - 5375 Farwell Place, Fremont, CA 94536



1BR / 1Ba
            available aug 23
air conditioning
            cats are OK - purrr
            dogs are OK - wooof
            flooring: wood
            furnished
            apartment
            laundry on site
            no smoking
            off-street parking
            rent period: monthly
            wheelchair accessible



Date posted: 2021-08-23T18:05:06-0700
https://sfbay.craigslist.org/eby/apa/d/fremont-furnished-studio-free-wi-fi/7370156266.html
